hey everyone welcome to the smart
economy podcast a production of
neonewstoday.com
i'm your host dylan grabowski
this episode of the smart economy
podcast is part of a handful that we'll
be releasing on gaming and blockchain
in this episode of the gaming series i
chat with ace
a co-founder and a community
representative of ufo gaming the ufo
gaming team aims to create an
interactive environment where players
can find play to earn games an nft
marketplace and other blockchain related
features
the ufo gaming platform will ultimately
integrate blockchain for transferring
in-game assets that are represented as
nfts across games
and eventually incorporating dow
governance and offering idos for gaming
projects
in this conversation ace and i talk
about the role that the ufo gaming's
community has with the direction of the
project beardrop events for nfts and
utility tokens
how ufo gaming seeks to become the steam
platform for blockchain games and so
much more
just a reminder nothing said on this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens
that nothing should be taken as
financial advice
and that the host or guests may hold
tokens discussed in any given episode
with that said i really enjoyed chatting
with ace and i hope you enjoy the
conversation too
[Music]
hey guys welcome to the smart economy
podcast today we are joined by ace one
of the founders of ufo gaming how are
you doing today ace being good dylan
thank you very much for having me on the
podcast yeah it's really cool to have
you on the pod um i think the first time
i was introduced to ufo gaming was the
first set of series of videos after the
most recent polaris hackathon
when i think it was you who came on to
chat about the project
yes i think we were on the neo polaris
launch pad event i believe so we did a
bit of a q a there but you also might
have seen me on the ufo fortnightly or
ufo monthly kind of updates on our
youtube channel as well cool i'll be
honest i haven't spent much time on the
youtube channel yet but i have seen your
name being active in
i guess the metaverse we'll call it
these days
uh you were also recently on on neo live
to participate in the ama with your ceo
you folger yep which was really cool
it'd been about two quarters since i
kind of
dug back into what was going on with ufo
gaming and you guys are just
plugging and chugging along
yeah no we we've been working pretty
hard to you know meet some of the
deadlines that we've kind of set
ourselves with the with the product
launches and uh yeah we really enjoyed
uh youth roger and i enjoyed doing the
ama on the neo platform uh you guys have
got an amazing a very active very
vibrant community in there
and uh yeah i've never done an ama with
someone else before so kind of having
that tag team partner was really useful
because it's a lot of typing i've got to
be honest
yeah especially if you do it in the
moment and you didn't pre-prepare the
questions so
again it was awesome to cover the
transcript and i got to learn a lot
about what was going on with ufo gaming
but before we jump into this i know that
you're pseudonymous the majority of your
team is pseudonymous so
we don't have to go into dates or
specific company names or anything like
that but
can you just give a brief update of what
your background is do you come from the
gaming industry
yeah so my background personally is in
the kind of operational and just
entrepreneurship side of things so just
launching businesses before in tech
working tech companies in the past
also working in finance however the
majority of our team is from a gaming
background so they are game developers
that have built multiple games in the
past
mostly mobile as well as desktop so we
kind of just came together and uh
decided to tackle this kind of play to
earn model which we strongly believe is
the future of gaming and i was just
super excited to work on this project
from the beginning because you know i've
always been a gamer my whole life as a
child it was a you know a bit of an
escape for me uh starting from you know
the 90s playing you know mortal kombat
on
nintendo or ps1 at that point
and now kind of when we learned that
you're able to come up with these
ecosystems where
item ownership in-game item ownership
can actually be given directly to the
players so these kind of items that you
can spend hours you know leveling up and
grafting you kind of keep them they're
yours you know you've got that
individual item and you can actually
earn crypto while playing those games
that was just a you know really exciting
concept for the team and this is kind of
the vision that we had from the
beginning to
basically become one of the biggest
gaming platforms on the blockchain so we
all kind of came together built a team
which has grown quite significantly
since the launch
and
that's kind of what we're working on now
awesome and before we kind of dig
further into the platform i'm just
curious if again without doxing if you
can share any examples of previous
projects that ufo gaming team members
have worked on are we talking like
made sticky games on the steam platform
or coming from blizzard or
some mega powerhouse like that could you
share a little bit more information
because it's not myself i don't know if
the other guys will be happy for me to
share their kind of exact background on
the type of games that they've worked on
but i can tell you that a lot of their
games have been on the you know ios
store android store in the kind of
you know top ranking lists uh like the
most popular kind of games from that
side of things
and i think that
they'll be able to elaborate a little
bit more personally i don't want to kind
of go through their experience without
their permission yeah that's totally
fine also your answer served the purpose
of kind of highlighting the the types of
games that that the team has delivered
so
kind of just to get this out of the way
why is your team pseudonymous and what
are kind of the benefits that you think
ufo gaming is going to receive from that
yeah it's a good question and we do get
asked this a lot it was really a
decision from us from the beginning and
everybody kind of had their own reasons
for this each team member decided that
this is how we wanted to kind of pursue
the project and grow the project and i
think everybody's reasons were slightly
different
for me personally it was just
basically
like to you know prefer to keep a low
profile in terms of just getting
contacted by people constantly on all
sorts of social media channels
especially when it comes to blockchain
projects you know having worked in
crypto before a lot of people try to
reach out to you on telegram they can
send you dms on twitter they can reach
out to you on linkedin they can find
your facebook message on facebook
message your instagram and all the other
kind of social media platforms
so i think for me personally i
did anticipate i had an idea that you
know we wanted to grow ufo to quite a
large scale and we just knew that we
didn't want to we weren't doing it for
the fame or the recognition or you know
being publicly known for this sort of
thing we much prefer to
basically focus on the development side
build the products deliver and get to
our goals and then certainly the plan
there is to basically dox the team once
we're at a comfortable level where you
know we feel like we've achieved certain
milestones that we want to achieve and
we're not as needed to focus on
development because at the moment
i mean i've literally probably had about
three days off in in the last year where
i just wasn't checking the flak and
pandura and the sun and all these kind
of other tools that we
that we use for the development side of
things and i feel as though if we were
publicly known we would just be
getting so many different messages and
all sorts of different platforms i think
it would just make it a distraction and
quite difficult for us
to focus on development and achieve the
milestones that we want to
so that was kind of my reasoning for
that side of things
and i think for the other guys it was it
was a little bit a little bit different
i guess and and it's something that
probably best to ask them directly i
don't want to sort of speak for the for
the other members of the team totally
that sounds completely fair
it's funny
you know thinking about the kind of like
dead space that's wasted when you get
unsolicited messages on twitter on other
platforms like slack or discord i've
been working from home covering the
blockchain space since 2018 and when the
pandemic hit and the quarantines took
effect
it felt like i was in an office my desk
was situated right by the water cooler
and i could hear every conversation
during quarantine everybody was going on
twitter everybody was going on discord
and there was just so much more noise
i had a hard time
completing my tasks and and my work
because i'd be doing my research and
then a conversation would pop up so
it's an understatement when people
acknowledge that you can be kind of
bogged down by more and more messages
that that kind of pop up on your radar
yeah that's a really um interesting and
kind of insightful decision that you and
the rest of the team made yeah
definitely i just remembered one other
thing and i'm sure he won't mind me uh
when you're sharing this as well because
i just this just came to mind as well
when we're at the point of launch one of
the founders as well because he'd worked
on quite known businesses and and also
in the in the blockchain space as well
on some
well-known and quite successful crypto
projects in the past he didn't want this
to almost ride off the back of the
success of other projects and other
companies so it was more we wanted to
see what we could create ufo kind of
from scratch without necessarily
piggybacking off affiliation to other
companies or other projects we wanted
this to
be a success but a standalone success
and not to be necessarily linked to
other projects that different team
members had worked on as well in gaming
terms would you say that you guys are
starting the project in hard mode i
would say so yeah exactly we we just
wanted to see how we can how far we can
basically take this just starting from
scratch without having our names and our
reputation be the drivers for it because
a lot of the time you know people might
go like this this project is great it's
going to do really well
the founder is the same guy that let's
say developed you know farmville or
something like that and then it's kind
of that project just becomes
like uh kind of like riding off the back
of you know what that founder had done
before if you see what i mean so for us
it was just let's just let's just start
from scratch and let's just see how much
we can almost like a challenge just to
see how far we can get it and
you know we've got to a point where now
it's gone from let's see how far we can
take this to let's actually work on this
you know for the next 10 years minimum
because we've got now such a clear-cut
long-term vision for the project and all
the things we want to achieve especially
with our community
you know we really want to take this to
a whole new level in the years to come
awesome and i noticed that you've
brought up the community a bunch and
there's a lot of kind of nod to the ufo
gaming community
and in the neolive ama that you
participated in it sounded like you
moved up from your position from very
early community member supporter of the
project into a kind of co-founder
community rep jack of all trades
so what was the process like for you
when you stumbled on this project and
you really started to take a leadership
role
and then how does that impact the
decisions you make while taking the ufo
gaming community into perspective
yeah that's a good question well
initially when i sort of got involved
with the project in the early stages it
was kind of in the in the concept phase
i guess so i was just somebody that was
kind of interested to see how i can
contribute to the project and kind of
learn from being involved with this team
as well but you know there are key
members of our team who just started out
as community members in that telegram
for example once the token itself had
launched that we gave roles to that just
reached out to us and said hey look
you're obviously a community-owned
project you know we had designers we had
video animators as well who did some of
our trailers for the games just reach
out and said hey look i'd love to be
able to contribute to the project
and here's kind of what i've done before
you know is there any kind of work or
opportunity for me to get involved
so the
initial concept for ufo and the reason
we did a fair launch and i'm sure you're
familiar with fair launch but just for
some listeners out there we wanted to
make sure that
there's no
sort of team tokens or vc tokens or
unlocks and all these things that can
end up just kind of backfiring on the
community members themselves so what we
did was burn 50 of the supply of ufo
tokens on launch and then just released
the other 50
on uni swap for anyone who wants to
basically buy that token including the
team so the team themselves weren't
given any tokens
every single person had to buy it on the
open market throughout the different
lifecycle of the project basically so
every time let's say the price would dip
slightly a lot of team members would
kind of load up on their tokens we would
purchase more especially because we're
giving away such a large amount of ufo
tokens for our staking debt rewards as
well
but we've always had this kind of
community focused
community driven and community owned
mindset from the get-go from the
beginning
so
from that perspective we want to move
towards more of a doubt structure and
future whereby members of the community
can vote on some of the most important
decisions on what the company does what
kind of games we bring out what kind of
features they see so you know we
recently let people vote on what kind of
game mode they want first
for multiplayer
and this is something that we want to
basically grow as time goes on as a
community focused project we want to
give more power
to the gamers we want them to be able to
decide on the direction of the company
very cool and before we kind of wrap up
like the
philosophical overview section
are there like future revenue models
that
ufo gaming is anticipating because
let's just be real the businesses work
because people are paid to to contribute
to the product
and in blockchain i love the ethos of
fair drop
of community-owned tokens
but ultimately you know if a project
needs to succeed it needs to have a
lifeline so is this an instance where
the team is just going to start from
scratch make sure that everything is
fair
and then ultimately their future revenue
models
is like the play to earn fees is ufo
gaming going to earn a portion of those
what's kind of the thought process for
when ufo gaming is
launched live and has
tens of thousands of users from a
revenue generation standpoint and this
has become something that you know we've
been also been kind of focusing on in in
the last few months
we're obviously going to be building our
nfc marketplace which we are almost
finished with now actually we're going
to be launching it very very shortly
alongside the full launch of the game
super galactic which is currently in
alpha release so we'll have the base out
uh very soon and
through that nft marketplace and through
our nft drop which is uh youthfudgies
we'll be able to get some revenue for
the business and be able to basically
reinvest that and grow the team further
just because we do want to scale things
up
quite rapidly now i think that the best
time to build is is kind of during these
more bearish market conditions really
things are a little bit quieter so it's
a really good time just to focus on
development focus on networking and
building relationships so that's that's
kind of exactly what we're focusing on
since the launch you know we started out
as just five
five initial founders of the project
team members and you know now we've got
a team of uh over 40 people so it has
grown quite significantly but the plan
is certainly to you know raise more
capital uh we're also currently going
through a you know vc raise as well just
finalizing the investor decks for that
and because a lot of the team members
are connected to a lot of venture
capital firms we're hoping that we'll be
able to have a successful raise which
will again be able to
enable us to basically grow the team and
increase our development productivity so
that we can hit some of that milestones
and also just create better products as
well just because we've set ourselves
very ambitious goals with regards to how
we want our metaverse to function
and we want to bring out multiple games
not just one
and this initial game you know has taken
us i think a couple of years now we've
been working on the game one super
galactic
it's now coming to the kind of final
stages where we can release the beta
version so with with another game i feel
as though we did have more funding we'll
be able to build it a lot quicker as
we'll be able to get much larger team
so that that really is a focus for us at
the moment yeah and it's really cool to
just kind of hear this community first
ethos that the ufo gaming team is taking
so
from a simple podcast host uh kudos on
that because it's it's really cool to
read about and cover these types of
projects that
build first and then
seek compensation later it was one of
the things that really attracted me to
neo back in 2017 and 18 which was the
deliver first and then compensation
model later
now before we kind of jump into
the ufo gaming platform and ecosystem
and super galactic
i did want to kind of ask one sort of
philosophical question and just hear
your perspective in my opinion
there are two types of teams that build
gaming projects in the blockchain space
there's the crypto team
that has seen success in crypto ventures
prior but has never built a game before
and then there's the group of people who
have built games before but this is
their first venture into the blockchain
space and integrating crypto and pde and
game fi and things of this nature
what do you think is and it doesn't
necessarily have to be a black or white
answer uh yes or no do you think that
there's
a better kind of background to help a
gaming project get off the ground
do you think that
folks with gaming experience have
more of a chance of
finding traction if they build a game
incorporating blockchain or do you think
that maybe a blockchain team
can take a stab at a game for their
first gaming project and kind of
make it when they make their first
release i think the most natural and
potentially easiest kind of route is
going to be for
gaming companies that have built games
before that understand the gamers
mindset they know how to make fun games
and
they just get some
blockchain kind of engineers to hop on
the team and be able to integrate that
game onto the blockchain i think that's
probably going to be the most
most successful model from my standpoint
from my experience just because i think
that a lot of people that you know you
can launch a really successful crypto
projects and get a lot of
community members engaged and involved
and excited about the projects and the
token but i think the most challenging
thing is really to build a
fun game with an experienced team that
have built multiple games in the past
and i think that the rest the rest will
come interesting i'm kind of of that
opinion myself but um again in the
blockchain space you never know what
could happen yeah so kind of uh
narrowing in and narrowing the the scope
of the funnel
ufo gaming is not just a game so super
galactic is going to be the first game
that ufo gaming releases
but as a platform there's going to be a
suite of blockchain-based gaming
services
so what's the scope of the overall ufo
gaming project what does the team intend
to build
can you just kind of give us like a high
level overview of all the things that
ufo gaming is going to be
yeah absolutely and i think
just relating back to your last question
it really ties into what our plans are
for the future because you know we were
quite lucky that myself and a few other
team members that you know weren't
necessarily from a gaming background but
were gamers we had the kind of crypto
experience the entrepreneurship
experience of launching multiple
businesses in the past
but because we did have some people on
the team that
were from a gaming background and had
built multiple games but had no crypto
experience you know the team i think
that's why we've had the success that
we've had and why we kind of you know
managed to build up this this big
following and community because we have
this kind of perfect storm of people
that have built successful crypto
projects but also people that have built
successful games so we just kind of put
that together and it's been working
really well but what we realized is
we don't just want to
purely build and release our own games
especially because it can take a lot of
time it's not a scalable if you are just
building one game at a time
so what we realize is that we've got
this we're in this very unique
position where we have got both gaming
as well as blockchain experience
therefore what we wanted to do is also
enable
traditional gaming studios
to
basically come to us and say that they
want to launch
their game on the blockchain but they
need help with the tokenomics with the
play to earn model with how to build a
crypto community for example and how to
get players you know for their
blockchain games and that's something
that we have experience in so what we
are planning on doing after
supergalactic
is not only continuing to build our own
games but
taking on more of a scalable model and
this will come into place especially
after the nft marketplaces is built and
ready as well is we are well we have
been speaking for the last uh how many
months on you spent eight months now
probably we've been speaking to multiple
gaming studios who are in nutritional
kind of web 2 gaming side of things and
we've been speaking to those of them
that are interested in potentially
creating a you know web 3 way to earn
game
and we would basically assist them with
the web 3 side of things they would
continue building their game we will
simply help them launch their token do
their game economy do the web through
integration because that's that's really
what a large part of our team kind of
specializes in as well
so that's kind of our plan for taking
just the gaming industry to that next
level so that's that's one major aspect
of what we're working on it with regards
to other products just going back to
your most recent question as i said the
the nft marketplace will be up and
running very soon uh we've got our nft
drop or euphoges which is also going to
be basically you know we're going to
start promoting that soon and also going
ahead with the mint over the coming few
months i would say in addition to that
we also released the
alpha version of our metaverse quite
recently we had our staking death launch
event within our dog metaverse so i
don't know if you saw any clips of that
it's within our last ufo monthly youtube
video so we had i think over a thousand
people come to that metaverse party to
celebrate the launch of our staking gap
what we want to do is keep that
metaverse open now we want to do a few
tweaks make sure that it's able to
stay open consistently without any bugs
or issues or errors we had a couple of
bugs highlighted to us during the event
so we just wanted to make sure we fixed
all of that so we want to open that up
but we're also working on a v2 of the
metaverse itself because that initial
model is not really one that i think
truly you know represents the quality of
ufo this was kind of just an initial one
where we could just get together with
our community to meet ups there do amas
there live and walk around with people
and watch streams and interact with our
community more but we have started
development on on the you know second
version of the metaverse with
significantly better graphics we're
working on having land ownership
customizable land
nfts within that metaverse as well
whereby if you're playing super galactic
for example which is our debut game and
you earn some really cool nfts and you
level them up let's say you know your
weapons or your armor what you'll be
able to do is display those weapons in
that armor within our metaverse as well
and we also want to make it interuptable
and multi-chain so we want to be able to
bring in
other nfts with some of the companies
that we're partnered with for example
neo
or any other of our partners for example
if they have certain nft drops we want
them to be able to
display those nfts within our metaverse
also just giving it a little bit more
utility and interactivity as well yes so
earlier in our conversation you
mentioned that the ufo token is live on
uniswop so it's on the free market is
there a plan to have
ufo tokens or maybe other utility tokens
reside across the multiple blockchains
that ufo gaming supports
yes so what we're going to be doing is
you know obviously for one of our future
games we will be building on neo
and so we are potentially going to have
to
look at either launching the secondary
token or neo or bridging them over in
some way so that people will be able to
interact with the newer blockchain and
have of course the nfts themselves will
be on neo as well in future so yeah
there is there is definitely those plans
in place yeah and are you guys already
exploring like
cross chain nft standards whereby i can
mint an nft on neo and send it over to
ethereum or binance smart chain or is
that kind of
a little too far into the future
no we we are at the moment uh we had to
do that already with our first game
super galactic so super galactic
is on polygon so we've already had to do
that because some of the nfts that we
have and obviously the ufo token itself
is on ethereum
so we had to already do some research
and i know how devs have found a
solution for this already which i'll let
them kind of elaborate on it's not my
not my specialty or area of expertise i
won't try and explain it but um yeah
there's definitely ways that you can
basically take your nfts or all the
tokens and bridge them over and still
display them on other blockchain meta
verses basically awesome yeah i'm not a
technical guy myself either so after i
get cross chain nft out i can't tell you
about any of the standards or specs or
anything like that that's good that's a
relief no crazy technical questions then
now so
currently
there is a staking dap is that one of
the first releases that
ufo gaming has put out there that people
can kind of get their hands on
and um
what's the overall purpose of staking
within the ufo gaming ecosystem yeah so
that was one of our first releases i
think uh the initial launch that we had
was the alpha version of super galactic
which is our debut game following that
was the staking dap which was launched
at the same time as our metaverse
version one as well so that was a really
busy kind of month or two that we had
which was around one year after we
launched the staking dap is a very very
important component to the ufo gaming
ecosystem especially when it comes to
supergalactic which is the first game
because initially the plan was
for us to release the staking that where
holders of ufo tokens could take their
ufo lock them up for certain durations
anything from a week or two up to a year
and based on how long they lock it up
for
and you know how much they stake they
would be earning plasma points and what
these plasma points would be used for is
minting genesis nfts which they will
need to play the game supergalactic
so ultimately that was kind of our way
of almost doing
uh fair launch for the nfts themselves
and almost just giving them for free to
our community just for staking their ufo
tokens so usually you know i don't know
how how closely you look at other kind
of place to earn games but with actually
infinity for example you need to
actually buy
three axes to be able to play the game
and you know the price of these
obviously went up significantly and now
sort of come down significantly as well
but we knew that a lot of our players
would
own ufo tokens but not necessarily want
to
spend money or have the money for
example to be able to meet journalists
entities but we still wanted them to be
able to play
so therefore we introduced this model of
plasma points which will be earned
purely by staking and then they'll be
used to
mint for free our genesis nfts and play
the game supergalactic from that
perspective however when we came closer
to the staking dept launch we decided to
actually pull together a lot of the
team's tokens which
actually came to a very significant
percentage of the supply of the ufo
token itself when we decided to in
addition to those plasma points to also
reward people with ufo tokens as well to
give them a high apr and to basically
give them an incentive to stake their
tokens and you know lock them up for a
longer duration so
users will get the ufo tokens and then
they can stake into lps and you were
also talking about the team's allocation
and how they were going to use that to
reward future players yes and no i mean
there was no team allocation the team
bought their tokens on the open market
just like everyone else and it cost them
the same amount but yeah the team's
contribution to the staking rewards you
know was able to provide
the stakers in the staking gap now with
a high apr
of ufo tokens but also they'll be
earning plasma points which they can use
to mince gemstone fts and play our debut
game so it really is very important and
comes to the core of our entire ufo
ecosystem really so the staking gap was
just a long-awaited product uh from our
community they were obviously very
excited to start earning plasma points
and start earning more ufo tokens just
because the apr i think at the moment
it's on around 100 or just over 100
percent
and that's i think maybe like a six
million dollar tvl at this stage i
haven't checked it recently i have to
admit but um these were the figures when
i when i last checked it really so yeah
i think it's it's gone down well with
our community so far they were excited
to get their hands on our first kind of
product release
and
you know we're looking forward to
basically rewarding them in future with
other product releases as well so you've
mentioned uh the ufo token and plasma
points initially ufo gaming was a dual
token ecosystem but is there a third
token as well that has been introduced
so there is a third token but that's
only for the game supergalactic so we do
have uap which will be the token used
within super galactic
so when you play the game you'll be
earning uap
and you know when you when it comes to
breeding the genesis and the teas
together for example
this is when ufo as well as uap can come
in handy as well so
that's the secondary token to ufo for
supergalactic awesome and all of them
currently are erc20 standards
so uap
is on matic so it's on polygon but ufo
is of course the rc20s awesome and
plasma points also on polygon just
because the first game is on polygon so
when it comes to our game on neo of
course secondary token
will be on neo as well awesome and neo's
game will be the third game can you leak
any spoilers about what the second game
the ufo team gaming team will be working
on
uh not at this stage i would say not at
this stage so we we haven't finalized
exactly which game we're gonna proceed
with we wanted to
have the beta launch of super galactic
first
before we basically commit to
which game we're gonna proceed with but
we've had a number of different options
kind of narrowed down now i think it's
between three different choices
so
once supergalactic the beta is live
we'll definitely know more on the second
game as well as third game as well on
neo awesome and you've kind of already
touched upon the role that nfts will
have they can represent characters or
items that will be upgradable
so are there any other ways that nfts
and and also you mentioned land as well
i'm assuming that land will be
represented by nfts are there any other
ways that nfts are going to fit into the
ufo gaming universe
what's that going to look like yeah so
we have got a few different ways of
incorporating nfcs into our ecosystem
our first kind of nft drop is going to
be euphoges this is something that
will give the players themselves some
perks within the metaverse as well as
the game supergalactic so by holding on
to one of these youth budgies you'll be
able to get certain bonuses like in-game
bonuses whilst playing the games just by
holding them in your wallet that you are
using to connect and play the game so
they can almost be used as power-ups
and we obviously have you know the
in-game items super galactic as nfgs as
well so once you kind of level them up
or they gain certain powers like
electricity or toxicity and things like
that and they're bred together and the
body parts are upgraded for example
these nfts will be of course tradable
upgradable as well as displayable within
the dark metaverse and their utility
will come from the game super galactic
as well
one of the most exciting things that i
really really want us to implement and i
know our development team are kind of in
the
concept stages right now
is basically
nfts that you can use and level up and
play with across different games
so imagine
some sort of weapon or whether it's a
gun or like some sort of fire sword for
example that
is a melee weapon you can use in
supergalactic which is on polygon but
then what you could potentially do is
bridge it over to let's say neo
and that weapon is then you know you're
able to utilize that in the neo game in
some form now this is again still in the
concept phase
but it's an idea that certainly got me
as a gamer very very excited and
i'm not sure if i've seen it implemented
so far in placer and games but this is
something that we really really do want
to implement and i know the guys are
working quite hard to make sure that
this is possible and this is something
that we can implement so that's
definitely on the cards from us as well
and will the nfts be available for
trader purchase on third-party nft
marketplaces like ghost market or openc
yes absolutely awesome
something that i think is a really
interesting question and
maybe you're the right guy to ask maybe
you're not
because you haven't actually like been
in the weeds of developing the unity
game and done the user testing for
gamer player types but
what are the sort of elements that go
into creating like a sticky play to earn
game that keeps users engaged for a long
time
you mentioned axi infinity and there was
like a four-month period where
that was the only thing that people can
talk about and i know it's had its
issues with its own side chain that
might have diminished the want or desire
for people to talk about axiomfinity you
know for a long time but this game kind
of had like a splash in the in the
bucket moment and it was very hot for a
moment and now i don't hear anything
about it so what's the process to create
like a sticky long-term sort of user
retention type game yeah no that's a
good question i'm again probably not the
best person from a technical standpoint
to answer that but i can definitely tell
you
from our kind of mindset that we were
going into this our number one goal was
to create a
fun to play
play to earn game that was the goal that
was the priority it was not to create
something that's gonna make a lot of
money or get a lot of investment or
anything like that what we saw was
absolutely no and you know i don't want
to disrespect the other games at the
time
but we just could not find any actually
fun to play play to earn games but again
no disrespect to axes but when we looked
at that as gamers
and it's these little balls that are
taking it in turns to hit the other
balls as somebody who's grown up and
played games like skyrim and gta and you
know call of duty and all these kind of
really exciting really engaging games
with nice graphics and upgradability
features and things like that
i just couldn't really get into it
so our number one priority was actually
create a game for the players that they
will enjoy playing
and that will keep people engaged for
the long term and we'll just create this
really strong community of players
around it where people will just want to
be playing with each other communicate
with each other and give each other tips
on how to play better and showcase their
items be proud of their items that
they've earned and that that was really
the the number one focus from our
development team and that's where their
kind of experience you know came into
play because we
have experience not myself personally
but we have a lot of experience in the
gaming side of things so we know what
keeps players kind of engaged and coming
back to play more
and making sure that the design is is
attractive the graphics are as good as
they can be but also
that it actually works with the place
and model for example because
i've seen some games just you know from
our kind of blockchain background and
kind of understanding
what level of graphics you can implement
on plato and games i've seen certain
projects that from
just from from our kind of experience
and opinion i just don't think we'll
ever get built i think that currently
some of the kind of triple a games
that projects have promised their
communities to be coming out in the next
year or two years or maybe three years
at that level of graphics
to
implement blockchain connectivity and
placement and mechanics
is just such a kind of challenge to take
on that i almost can't see it happening
so we have to be really careful not to
push the boundaries out too far and say
okay cool so we're going to develop gta
but on the blockchain for example right
because at this current place of where
technology is at that it's just not
possible you cannot get those graphics
and implement it on the blockchain with
a place and model it's you know
technology is not there yet so we wanted
to make it as fun as possible with as
good graphics as possible but without
over promising and without it being
completely unachievable when technology
gets to a point where it is operating
more efficiently and there is a
capability for us to do that 100 you
know we're speaking to from aaa gaming
studios now about bringing aaa games
onto the blockchain us doing the web3
integration
us helping launch it through the ufo
gaming platform so this is already
happening but
just having seen some of the plans from
other projects i am really struggling to
understand how this is going to be
possible in the next year or two
absolutely and uh wrapping up can you
briefly just give me an overview of what
supergalactic is
and if someone wants to get involved
alpha test beta test how can they reach
out and get involved absolutely so super
galactic is a multiplayer as well as a
single-player
game on the blockchain it's a place to
earn game it's a top-down shooter so
you're basically looking down at your
character
from above at a slight angle where you
can still see you know some of the
buildings and the enemies around you
full of exciting planets different
missions different objectives different
kind of weapons and armor and upgrades
we currently have only 1 500
alpha
pest player slots available and they've
all been filled we actually gave away
a certain number of spots during the
last neo ama which i know got filled
really quickly those players should all
be set up and actually playing super
galactic now
but i would
if i was wanting to be an alpha tester
and try out the game super galactic i
would just follow our announcements
channel and our twitter
the ufo token
where we will be
opening up more opportunities and new
spots for people to
come and try out the alpha version of
the game awesome thank you so much for
coming to
just brain dump ufo gaming and all the
great things that you you guys are
working on
obviously i'll be covering the project a
lot more now because ufo gaming is part
of the neo ecoboost program
and there's going to be a third game
that's going to be being built on neo
probably not in 2022 but i definitely
look forward to
playing that game covering it and
playing future games that that are
released
so thank you so much for coming on to
the smart economy podcast today ace it
was a pleasure to chat with you and to
learn more about ufo gaming likewise
dylan thank you so much for having me on
and just a big shout out to the neo
community as well as the ufo army as
well so thank you everyone for listening
thank you dylan you've been an amazing
host really interesting to talk to you
so would definitely uh definitely be
keen to jump back on any time the
communities uh ask for it definitely
looking forward to a future episode with
you ace excellent take care john thank
you cheers
well what did you think of that
conversation
it was awesome to learn more about how
the staking element of the ufo tokens is
oriented toward hopefully seeding a
flywheel effect of use within the
ecosystem
i'm also very interested to see how ufo
gaming will implement further cross
chain and cross game use of item nfts
and it was really interesting to hear
more about the philosophy of the team
protecting their identities
and at which point they plan to dox
themselves to the community
and on that note i want to thank you so
much for taking the time to listen to
the smart economy podcast
if you liked what you heard and want to
support the show
please keep neo news today in mind when
voting for your neo council
representative
as part of neo's governance process
we appreciate you and look forward to
catching you next time